The first is a slave and the second is a woman.
Just have fun.
I pray for the Lord to go up to the mountain and to the sea of fire.
Not just smart.
It's a loyal dog.
Then you will stay with the Lord.
The Queen
Be careful being fooled by that Princess Yao.
You said she's Yao Fenglian's girl.
Please raise your head for me to see.
He looks handsome.
I just don't know.
The bow cuts a knife here.
Brother Sister
What system
Go away.
Yes.
I saw my sister from a distance.
Teach this little girl.
So come see if there's anything you can do for my sister.
Ms. Yao
The palace has stolen your beloved.
This streamer dress
Aren't you designed to burn?
What burns?
Read poetry books
Especially not seeing these dirty tricks.
Still pretending.
Look at these clothes.
After that little maid turned decay into magic
The bow now wants to wear this streamer dress.
Go with the emperor to see the moon.
I'm afraid I haven't seen the Emperor in half a month.
Goodbye.
Go.
Why didn't you send someone to arrest me?